it was up its then mr. Baker xx here and
today I'm gonna be showing y'all had to
make a dresser I know I I did a video
about it a long time ago and it wasn't
good
well because it's old knows little but
today I'm gonna show you how to do it
again because someone requested it I
think it was LPS arts creation which
told me to remake it is I like why not
so yeah let's get into it so the dresser
is actually made up of different parts
so this is one of the first ones you're
actually gonna need two of those one of
them is for the top and one is for the
bottom so yeah i'ma leave it here so you
can look at it and if you want you can
pause the video okay so this is the
other piece you need it's it's gonna be
the back of the dresser let me put it in
closer so you can see it it's so you
composite here just to see so there you
go so here's the other part of the
dresser which is the one that goes in
between and you're gonna need two of
those so make two of them and let me
just put it right so you guys can see it
just pause it so here's the next part
you need you're gonna need two of them
and this is a side of the dresser so let
me bring it in closer so you can see
just pause the video if you need it
Vanita okay so the last thing we're
gonna make is the cabinets which are
three separate pieces put together but
I'll show you how to make it later
barring them here's the base of it so
you can see it okay so after you
finished making this piece you're gonna
need to make this two others
and they're also part of the cabinet so
here it is so you can see it just copy
it pause the video okay so after you
finished ironing every single piece you
should have having their up with this
many pieces and now we're gonna I'm
going to show you how to put it together
also you're gonna need a hot glue gun to
put the cabinet's together so yeah okay
so before I start I'm just gonna tell
you that this might be a little bit hard
just because of all the little beads
that can fall off while you're putting
it together alright so the first thing
that you get is the back piece of your
cabinet and your top and bottom pieces
right here so what you what you want to
do is you see this little like what's it
called like fun it's a knot or something
like that goes into the top here so you
just put it in there like this so let me
do that real quick you do the same to
the bottom piece
okay stuff do you do that
you grab both both of your metal pieces
and this little part right here goes
into the middle right here focus so just
push that in and watch out for this one
cuz this one can get kind of hard they
could break off so make sure make sure
that you have your eyes right iron ready
just in case they fall off cause it it
is pretty hard to put on so I got it in
and I had to cut it off because this
actually it's broke just like I said
what so just be careful when doing it
because it can get annoying you just
want to push it in and here won't remain
skin under braking
so hopefully this goes in by itself
which oh good okay so after you put all
of them together
you take your side pieces and put them
in like just like that with this part
facing to towards the back just be
careful because it's it's probably gonna
break I did on me and do that to both
sides okay so after you finish you
should look like this I had to put hot
blow on it because it was just you just
kept breaking apart and then probably
will for you so just have patience and
don't get frustrated so now I'm gonna
show you how to make the cabinet okay so
first let me show you how it how it is
really so it's not very hard it's just
it's just like this very good for parts
of it
Obie's and hot glue this time I'm like I
need some like the needle and thread I
used last time okay so the first thing
you should do let's get this part and
put it hot glue it on like this around
the edge okay so let me do that real
quick so here's how it should look and
now the last part it's pretty simple you
put this inside here like that like that
quick you put it in like that and you're
done all right
so yeah okay now what you do when you
have your cabinets and your dressers
should look like this know what you want
to do is you just place it in like that
and there you go
just gonna pull it out do whatever you
want with me so this house she cabin it
shouldn't be and here's how the cabinet
should be this is a dresser so you just
put all three of them in now you shoot
you're supposed to make and it should be
done okay so that's basically all you
need to do and I hope that this video
was a lot more clearer than the one I
made a long time ago and yeah your
cabinet should look like this so if you
have any questions just put it down in
the comment section and that's about it
thank you for watching